Tk astro redirect (#513)
ritterim/rimdev-blog: src/content/posts/2023-07-12-astro-redirects.md

---
title: "Creating A Redirect in Astro"
slug: creating-a-redirect-in-astro
date: 2023-07-14 11:27:06
tags: 
- frontend
- Astro
- SSG
categories:
- frontend
- css
twitter_text: "Creating A Redirect in Astro"
authors: 
- Ted Krueger
image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1516979187457-637abb4f9353?ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1770&q=80
image_url: https://unsplash.com/photos/eMP4sYPJ9x0
image_credit: Alexander Grey
---

We needed to redirect a current URL to a different page. In our case, we wanted `/agenda` to redirect to an event page. So, to explain it like you're a five-year-old, who knows a decent amount of developer knowledge, when someone would go to `website-name.com/agenda` they would _actually_ go to `website-name.com/desired-page`.

> Now it looks like you _used_ to be able to do this, and still might depending on your version of Astro. The [Astro.redirect](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/errors/static-redirect-not-available/) method is depricated as of version 2.6. No worries though. I'll be showing you a different method that Astro reccomends using the `meta refresh attribute`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now it looks like you _used_ to be able to do this, and still might depending on your version of Astro. The [Astro.redirect](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/errors/static-redirect-not-available/) method is deprecated as of version 2.6. No worries though. I'll be showing you a different method that Astro recommends using the `meta refresh attribute`.
```

> Now it looks like you _used_ to be able to do this, and still might depending on your version of Astro. The [Astro.redirect](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/errors/static-redirect-not-available/) method is depricated as of version 2.6. No worries though. I'll be showing you a different method that Astro reccomends using the `meta refresh attribute`.

Reviewer: Instead of saying that it used to be supported, more accurate would be to mention that redirects are supported if using server-side rendering, but if using static site generation (like we do) you can use this approach

Author: Oh yes

> Now it looks like you _used_ to be able to do this, and still might depending on your version of Astro. The [Astro.redirect](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/errors/static-redirect-not-available/) method is depricated as of version 2.6. No worries though. I'll be showing you a different method that Astro reccomends using the `meta refresh attribute`.

Author: I like that
